Testcontainers for Java: Add examples for init scripts and function (#59)
crate/cratedb-examples: testing/testcontainers/java/README.rst

  Testcontainer instance honoring the ``CRATEDB_VERSION`` environment variable, suitable
  for running a test matrix on different versions of CrateDB, shared across multiple test
  classes.
- ``TestSqlInitialization``: Demonstrate different ways how Testcontainers can run an init script after

>   the database container is started, but before your code is given a connection to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the database container is started, but before your initiates a connection to it.
```

Author: Addressed with 3af1ca4edf7, thanks.

>   the database container is started, but before your code is given a connection to it.

Author: ```suggestion
  the database container is started, but before your code initiates a connection to it.
```

Reviewer: yep, sorry I removed the `code`
